[Autogenerated] now that we have a postgres database
instance created and available in the cloud.
We need to connect to it.
If you'll remember when we created the database,
we had it create a new security group for the database instance.
This security group was created with a rule that gave
access to the database port from our I.
P.
Address for that database instance.
As long as the IP address that you're at hasn't
changed since you created that database.
You don't need to change the rule or do anything else.
So to connect to our database from our local machine will use a
postgres specific GUI admin tool to connect.
I'm going to use PG admin.
It's a free client.
It's available for Mac or Windows and here's the current
URL where you can download it 1st.
We need to connect.
After opening PG admin,
you can click the add new server link to create a new
connection first give it a name like Pizza Lovers.
Then select the connection tab.
We need the address for our database.
So switch back to the AWS console and go back to the database details,
screen copy this in point field.
Now paste it into the host input field in PG admin,
then enter the user name and password you set up Previously all
of the rest of the defaults will work for us.
Now click save and it should connect the connection will show up on the left.
Under servers expand the Pizza Lovers connection and
then the databases icon under it.
You should see the Pizza Lovers database here,
we don't need to do anything else.
now that we verify that you can connect to your database
locally and that it's up and running the O.
R.
M.
And our demo application will create a Pizzas table and add the columns for us.
We'll do that and modify our application to store and retrieve data in this database in the next clip.